[INTERNAL] Address some docs issues (#776)
SAP/ui5-tooling: README.md

Please check our [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-tooling/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Support

> Please see how to [report an issue](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-tooling/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#report-an-issue). Or chat with us in the [`#tooling`](https://openui5.slack.com/archives/C0A7QFN6B) channel of the [OpenUI5 Community Slack](https://ui5-slack-invite.cfapps.eu10.hana.ondemand.com/). For public Q&A, use the [`ui5-tooling` tag on Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/ui5-tooling).

Reviewer: The first sentence sounds incomplete to me.

Please note that there's a very similar section in every module repo, e.g. https://github.com/SAP/ui5-builder#support

> Please see how to [report an issue](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-tooling/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#report-an-issue). Or chat with us in the [`#tooling`](https://openui5.slack.com/archives/C0A7QFN6B) channel of the [OpenUI5 Community Slack](https://ui5-slack-invite.cfapps.eu10.hana.ondemand.com/). For public Q&A, use the [`ui5-tooling` tag on Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/ui5-tooling).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please follow our [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-tooling/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#report-an-issue) on how to report an issue.

Please report issues [here](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-tooling/issues).
 
Chat with us in the [`#tooling`](https://openui5.slack.com/archives/C0A7QFN6B) channel of the [OpenUI5 Community Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/openui5/shared_invite/zt-1q128gn3p-JeZTi9XCpPxW8kBohSgqnw).

For public Q&A, use the [`ui5-tooling` tag on Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/ui5-tooling).
```

Reviewer: I don't see a need to change this part.
